Adding unsafe, FIXME and TODO rules into code style section (#253)
trueagi-io/hyperon-experimental: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code style

We have small set of code style rules for now. The rule of thumb is to take a look
at the existing code and stick to its style.

### General

> If you want to leave some reminder in code, for example to fix somthing later,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to leave some reminder in code, for example to fix something later,
```

you can do it by two ways. Add a comment starting with `FIXME` to mark something
which should be done before the PR is merged. Add a comment starting with `TODO`
to mark the improvement which can be postponed and done later by a separate PR.
Main purpose of `TODO` comment is to trigger a developer who looks at the code

> after you and make him fix the issue if it is apropriate. If change or question

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
after you and make him fix the issue if it is appropriate. If the change or question
```

is big enough or it affects the API of the module it is better to raise an issue

> instead.

Author: Thanks, Nil!

### Rust

> When working on Rust C API prefere making `unsafe` blocks as small as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on Rust C API prefer making `unsafe` blocks as small as possible.
```

Author: Thanks!

> It allows easily detect blocks which can be a source of issues. Usually it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it easier to find blocks that might be source of issues.
```
